# Finalciad-Coursera
Why are you applying for Financial Aid?
- I’m a student from Viet Nam and want to learn about Artificial Intelligence. I think it will be a beneficial for me to get this course which instructed by an expert in AI area and it will help me a lot for my research in University. However, I have no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. My family live in a poor countryside, my grandparents very old they can't do anything, my parents both farmer so my family income not good. We are 3 brother and we all are at learning stage and it becomes a lot difficult for the family members to pay the whole amount for all the three of us and if I add up my course it will make even harder for them to pay. In college I study very hard to get scholarship . My scholarship just 400$/term but my school fee is 700$/ term and I must use it for pay my school fee with my parents. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV apply to PhD program and for increasing my knowledge about the subject.
How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? 
- I want to be a expert in AI and my main career goal to learn everyday. I really want to learn and to process in my career. In AI area, its requires constant learning and improving. Taking this course will help me to learn and study Deep learning and also to implement it in real problems. It can help me advance in my knowledge and prepare very well for my PhD program. This course give me a vision about Deep Learning area and many theories behind the convolutional neural network.  A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course . I plan to complete all assignments on or before time . Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.
If you answered no, please help us understand why.
- Sir, the financial status of the family, is not too good to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of dept in the bank, and my parents are paying it regularly. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. Sir, I don't want to put any pressure over them. Sir, it would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I'm able to get this course.
